h1. 2009 GitHub Contest

Copyright (c) 2009 Lucas Carlson
Website: http://www.rufy.com

h2. Thanks

aguids - for being the first to try the idea of adding the main forked repositories
DocSavage - for the template for the readme and the license

h2. Some ideas

At first, I tried simply giving the most globally popular repositories that the
user did not already watch. This was terrible at 8.103% success.

Then I saw aguids gain a major lead by using the main forked repositories as a
primary source. However aguids had a major flaw and did not fill in the entire
10 recommendations if there were not 10 forked repositories. This was a huge
boost up to 28.21%.

The next major breakthrough came when I incorporated unwatched repositories authored
by the same people that authored a persons watched repositories. In other words,
if you watch rails/rails, you probably will like rails/auto_complete. I took
that list and sorted it by popularity to put me up to 39.16%.

I have yet to find success by eliminating repositories based on dates or languages.

My latest breakthroughs are secret for now. They have brought me to 42.48%. Woot!

h2. Why?

Why am I explaining my strategy? This is a contest after all. I guess I just like
the competition.

h2. Licensing

Until August 30, 2009 at noon PST, this code is distributed under 
the following license:

h3. The Inverse MIT License

Permission is hereby not granted to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software").
You are denied the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software.  An exception is granted
to Logical Awesome LLC to use, copy, modify, publish, and distribute
the Software because logically, they are awesome.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or portions, however insignificant, of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS NOT PROVIDED TO YOU AT ALL.  YOU MAY NOT LOOK UPON THE
CODE.  WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SUE YOU IF YOU USE THE SAME CHARACTERS
IN YOUR CODE AS THE "SOFTWARE", AND IF THIS IS NOT LEGALLY PURSUABLE,
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO TAUNT AND PLACE A POX UPON YOU AND YOUR DOG
AND/OR CAT AND/OR MACBOOK PRO.

--------

After August 30, 2009 at noon PST, this code is distributed under
the following license:

h3. The MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.